<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@holochain/client](./client.md) &gt; [AppWebsocket](./client.appwebsocket.md) &gt; [publishCountersigningSession](./client.appwebsocket.publishcountersigningsession.md)

## AppWebsocket.publishCountersigningSession() method

Publish an unresolved countersigning session.

If the current session has not been resolved automatically, it can be forcefully published. A condition for this call to succeed is that at least one attempt has been made to resolve it automatically.

\# Returns

\[`AppResponse::PublishCountersigningSessionTriggered`<!-- -->\]

The session is marked for publishing and the countersigning workflow was triggered. The session has not been published yet.

Upon successful publishing the system signal \[`SystemSignal::SuccessfulCountersigning`<!-- -->\] will be emitted and the session removed from state, so that \[`AppRequest::GetCountersigningSessionState`<!-- -->\] would return `None`<!-- -->.

In the countersigning workflow it will first be attempted to resolve the session with incoming signatures of the countersigned entries, before force-publishing the session. In a very rare event it could happen that in just the moment where the \[`AppRequest::PublishCountersigningSession`<!-- -->\] is made, signatures for this session come in. If they are valid, the session will be resolved and published as usual. Should they be invalid, however, the flag to publish the session is erased. In such cases this request can be retried until the session has been published successfully.

\# Errors

\[`CountersigningError::WorkspaceDoesNotExist`<!-- -->\] likely indicates that an invalid cell id was passed in to the call.

\[`CountersigningError::SessionNotFound`<!-- -->\] when no ongoing session could be found for the provided cell id.

\[`CountersigningError::SessionNotUnresolved`<!-- -->\] when an attempt to resolve the session automatically has not been made.

**Signature:**

```typescript
publishCountersigningSession(args: PublishCountersigningSessionStateRequest): Promise<null>;
```

## Parameters

<table><thead><tr><th>

Parameter


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

args


</td><td>

[PublishCountersigningSessionStateRequest](./client.publishcountersigningsessionstaterequest.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
**Returns:**

Promise&lt;null&gt;

